Omey-O
Yes?
Is there anything in the garden?
What is it?
The king has ordered that there is nothing in the garden.
Is there anything in the garden?
Oh, that's right.
Do you want to drink?
Yes, I've already finished drinking.
What do you mean?
I'm just saying that it's not a good idea.
I've already finished drinking.
Yes, I'm going to the garden.
Wait a moment, Koto-san.
You can drink the strawberry.
I'll drink the cake.
You're surprised by the cake.
You're relieved to hear that you're going to the garden.
I'm going to the garden.
Thank you for waiting.
You're fast.
Please come with me.
I'm sorry, I'll be crowded, so please be careful.
I'm sorry.
No one is going to be annoyed with you.
You and I are alone.
You're strange.
You can drink more.
Lift your ass more.
It's not your ass, it's my ass.
Oops.
This liquor is bitter.
I've had sweet and spicy liquor but it's the first time it's been bitter.
It's a terrible liquor.
What?
It's not bitter.
Of course it's bitter.
I've never seen such a liquor before.
I ordered it from the store.
Where did you get it?
I got it from the shop.
It's like a wild bee.
What's the name?
Kabutomasamune.
It's a bitter liquor.
Can't you drink a little?
I'll bring it.
Thank you.
What fish would you like?
Which fish did you eat?
I don't want it.
You don't want it?
If you bring me a fish, I'll ask you what you want.
You'll ask me what fish I want.
What can you do?
I can make a fish like a fish.
You're fast.
Have you finished?
It's hard.
I know you're fast but you're slow.
Make it slower.
I can make a fish like a fish.
You're fast.
I don't care.
I can make anything.
Anything?
Yes.
Can you make a fish like a fish?
I can't.
You said it.
No.
Try again.
I can make a fish like a fish.
Don't laugh.
I'm not good at talking.
You can't talk.
I can't.
I'm sorry.